hello how are you all welcome to a
new tutorial in zone t this time
we bring how to change the ringtone
of what is the motorola and since motor
and since if we go to the sounds that
we want for the ring tones then
let's see what the factory ones are not going
there is no option how to choose the song
true then we have to choose the
predetermined as such then good
let's
make this change with an application
very simple we go to plays thor in
place thor let's find an explorer
of files
we look for the file explorer and
they do not leave these two options is the
case let's choose that file explorer and
then we choose it we install it we go
to accept
we wait for him to load and this
it will practically allow us to see and
see the files in which we have
stored music and so power what is
change the tone and choose our song
our favorite tone on the call
true then and good in this case
let's take a look
to what is the quick guide
2 in this case the music will be here
the folder with full music or it can be
in bluetooth
it's up to you to keep the music
but that will allow them to be able to
see the files true that they have the
folders since then default
engine and bring it to us then let's
change the ringtone
we are going
to the settings and then to sound
true then the sound we choose the tone
of call will come out that we're going to
choose that explorer file true
then only once do we go where
music is stored music in
this case is here in this folder
music and let's choose the hello tone
the favorite song like everything is not
timbre to verify let's volume and
As you can see then I already have the
ringtone
with my favorite song, this is true
everything really
it's very simple to remember to be happy
to see below in the description I'm going to
leave the link name so they can
download it then thanks for watching
this video
remember to give up or share
with your friends who have motors and who
Have a nice day, thanks for watching.